fix(docs): addressed feedback in docs (#779)
fetchai/docs: pages/guides/agents/intermediate/storage-function.mdx

## Walk-through

> 1. First of all, let's create a Python script, and name it: `touch storage.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To start let's create a Python script and name it `storage.py`, we can do this in terminal with `touch storage.py`.
```
